Adds empty documents for our coding standards (#146)
kyma-project/community: guidelines/coding-standards/helm.md

# Helm Charts Best Practices

> This guide covers the Kyma Team's considered best practices for creating charts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide covers the best practices for creating Helm charts every Kyma team should employ. 
```
